Give me something for the pain! Sorry, son, we haven't got anything to give you.
Oh, no...you'd sooner take it out on a poor defenceless dog.
You don't shoot an unarmed man. Not while I'm around.
He had no weapon.
And those two, they didn't have any either?
We are at your mercy and cannot protect ourselves.
- And yet as you see we are defenseless.
I don't want him coming out with just his dick.
Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent.
I couldn't bear to see my own students... fighting foreigners' firearms barehanded
You won't beat someone who has no weapon, right?
Or else, when I win people might think I bullied an unarmed man
The attack on Shanghai was one of the first civilian bombing raids in history.
You wouldn't shoot an unarmed man, would you?
I'll teach you to pick on a helpless invalid!
You'd shoot an unarmed man?
Perhaps I could get you some fluffy new slippers made from the heads of innocent and defenseless baby seals!
They were savagely attacked...
He killed a security guard there
You just murdered an unarmed woman.
That's why in Samoa and other developing nations... adolescents are sent out into the woods, unarmed, and they don't come back till they've learned a thing or two.
That way l don´t have to kill an unarmed couple. It´s not my style.
We're locked out.
I wrote a book! "Downsize This! Random Threats from an Unarmed American."
"Random Threats from an Unarmed American."
You leave here unprotected, how far will you get?
Bond was unarmed.
I usually hate killing an unarmed man.
Would you kill an unarmed man... again, Connor?
I see someone who would never kill an unarmed man.
women, children, old men.
A crowd of women and children. He shot the wrong people.
Why did a well-trained fighting unit... have to slaughter unarmed men, women and children... when their orders were simply to protect... and if necessary, evacuate the embassy?
Well, you wouldn't shoot unarmed people, would you?
Even in the heat of battle, you wouldn't shoot an unarmed person?
Furthermore, Colonel Childers testified... that he never shoots unarmed people.
Is Colonel Childers a man capable of killing defenseless, unarmed people?
How do you want to handle it?
I don't kill anyone without a weapon
But Dasan Ma's wanton slaughter of POWs who had lost the will to resist was a false resistance
And that travel agency business doesn't help either.
I can give you another complication:
People always kick you when you're down, Irma.
His heart's set on the mission. Do you not think he's got enough on his plate without racing?
Nobody feels worse than me, and your shouting's not helping, Rick!
I don't think we need worst-case scenarios right now, Luthor.
Enough of us here already think that time is a magazine, and I don't want you confusing us any further and, by the way, Mr. Barr... it is not, as they say, considered couth
OK, this is worse.
Want to make your situation worse?
Don't make it worse.
I do not need this now.
That's what I'm saying!
And Made Worse By The intense cold.
Of course, we don't have to add salt to the wound.
Yeah, and to top it all off...
It was quite tragic for us because it's on loan and they came in and took it.
You're gonna try to exploit that?
Two words - mud sticks.
I'd appreciate you not fueling her obsession.
When it rains, it pours.
Talk about a nail in the coffin.
You want me to feel worse than I already do?
If that's not bad enough, Uncle Hendrick said we can't bring Grace with us when we go to live with him.
People who are less well off will suffer more.
They've lost everything and now we're putting them through the wringer, just trying to get away. You're right.
Preeclampsia is serious.They needed to know.
Make matters worse, you were at the funeral.
That's just what we need.
Just think of all that much-needed money... mommy dearest is blowing.
He feels bad about it. Don't make a fuss over it.
And I'm afraid that it would just make things worse.
You will only complicate things, so please, just leave us alone.
Something bad that was destroying our town even more.
They were not able to afford college anymore, and it's making a really bad situation worse
Like you predicted, Joe did call-- add insult to injury.
And, to make matters worse,
And this doesn't help.
I mean, already I'm irritated. I'm...
Are you sure you want to pile on?
Every day it was worse.
- Now here, now you're broke, aren't you? - I know, but...
And being young... and away from home... and lonely... one has flirtations with their sweethearts and wives.
for which soldiers had been drilled for fifteen years, homes and families left, and a peasant turned into a warrior,
Against little real opposition, the Japanese army soon controlled the whole country, driving the luckless Manchurians before them.
Hundreds of thousands of Finns had to evacuate their homes.
Britons, displaced once by Hitler's bombs, were on the move again.
They must leave the country.
- Because he's a gentleman and he renounced his hometown.
Home leave.
In other parts of the world, young men leave home and travel far and wide... in search of a promising future.
We only have ten camps on the south side. Too many people, not enough camps.
I'm making my own way. Maybe you shouldn't travel with me.
We all came to Hong Kong seeking a better life.
I swore to God I'd break your neck but if He can turn a blind eye...
I had to go into exile.
You know that song?
I can still see he towers of Milan crumble and the looks on our people as they were forced abandon their homes like dogs.
We must continue to struggle and overcome obstacles in order to end the suffering of millions ...and allow the exiled millions to return to their homeland
On board were 1 63 Welsh men, women and children fleeing the poverty of their hill farms and the low wages of the coal mines.
that my brother and I were gonna have to move to Massachusetts... to live with my aunt and uncle.
I've Lost My Country. Everything.
People are away from home, they're ready to chit-chat.
For my country, I left my country...
♪ It's been so long since I've been home
♪ It's been so long since I've been home
♪ It's been so long since I've been home
So did many others. Doesn't mean much.
An outsider like me, he was celebrating abandoning the dioceses due to a lack of vocation.
♪ 'Tis far away I am today
You did a brave thing.
I welcome you to the 332nd Fighter Group. You're a long way from home.
I believe the residents of Bolton Village would have much preferred a tax increase to an eviction notice.
Away from home, away from home.
After decades in exile, moving as one, with hope and purpose.
A girl who flees her country and changes her name is someone who doesn't want to be found. But if she's hiding, who's she hiding from?
Not Buddha also ventured and taste so much suffering.
To barkers who say they're messengers of God?
I invent all sorts of stories for him about my childhood.
Many recommendations. Some real exquisite ones among them.
You didn't say day-glo.
We routinely receive various communications, space garbage, to decode and examine.
Of course, we have all kinds of cases here.
Run of the mill stuff. Sucked a few cocks, got fucked...
It was just... so many things.
Lots of different kinds?
You'll find a lot of men around here who used to be one thing or another.
Oh, you know, the doctors say all kinds of things.
The things people will bring on a trip...
Roll up, roll up, then, for the assorted highlights of Calamity James.
Ranging anywhere from cash tips to assorted snack foods.
More and more sects of martial arts have developed
Your charging structure is quite complicated!
You name it, you have it. All sorts of weird stuff.
And an enormous amount of scientific equipment as well, of all manner and all sorts.
They are so resourceful!
I am familiar with my eclectic resume, thank you very much.
Really a lot of variations.
Everyone wants a quick fix. They always have.
A fact obvious to the simplest of minds.
Dish washing gives results that are immediate.
Writing, and the pursuit of a woman, like any impossible dream, are not about immediate results.
Writing and the pursuit of a woman are never about immediate results.
You've got to speak with Tanya straight away.
It'll take time for business to get going.
Because I will turn this family around so fast!
I need you to get home straight away.
The only lever they had which could make a difference within months rather than years is to hit the investment and hit the credit button, and they essentially gave instructions to their banks to...
-You're looking for employment?
My earlier prejudices were dispelled.
Sign right here, and all your worries are over.
I was running after her, looking at her, and all sadness had suddenly flown away from me, too.
And a hero who is killed becomes a martyr... and a martyr immediately becomes a myth.
If god makes love to girl, she goes "Kaa-choom!"
"Everything fades into mist.
Anger in the eyes flushed and disappeared. And the defendants don't look at the people.
I'm sorry to cause pain to anyone, but it was unconsciously done, and I hope will be of short duration.
Or just a passing folly that her friends can hush up and will in time be quite forgotten.
As soon as the smoke from the funeral clears
The sweetest honey is loathsome in its own deliciousness.
With a wrecking ball.
It's all gone.
And when this hail some heat from Hermia felt, so he dissolved, and showers of oaths did melt.
I light a few candles, put on some Coltrane and soak my troubles away.
After the monarchy and fascist rule, the Communist regime also went up in smoke.
All my enemies are smoked.
Oblivion.
All you had to do was stop by.
That fucking deal died with Franklin. Now, it's time to make a new deal.
"And next morning, all flown away."
When the sun rises l'll vanish forever
European?
One of those radicals the newspapers love to report on?
Kaboom! And everything gets cleaned away.
The argument how wrong or how right he was disappears into a distance into a fog.
After you drink it you can regain your purity... and our relationship is over!
Or will she simply flame out?
YOU JUST WANT THIS TO GO AWAY, DON'T YOU?
Or do you think, by burning Goya's canvases the evil this artist has depicted will go up in flames?
And everything just flew off.
I SAID I HAD CONCERNS, CONCERNS THAT HAVE DISAPPEARED NOW THAT MIKE HAS BEEN ARRESTED.
One gust of wind, and the whole place is gonna blow over. Yeah, yeah.
"As smoke is driven away, so drive them away.
These dreams of yours fade like smoke.
Now... it's been corrupted.
The threat of the Turkish invasion has indeed been lifted by the Emperor's victory.
Es some rocks around on your belly.
Harvey's prosecution, everything he fought for undone.
And it all works out in the end
The Army's a broadsword, not a scalpel.
Slash and burn.
Yes, I make snap judgments.
President Reagan did sign the sweeping new Immigration Reform Act today.
Excuse me, I must welcome this unexpected guest.
And no unseen, uninvited guests.
- Never seen the fish. How about you, handsome?
Haven't I seen you somewhere before?
Was it that man who was here the other day?
But you can go to the airport without an invitation!
Somebody waiting for her, she hadn't expected so Hendrix brought it home here.
The Royal Hotel, where the richest casino in Las Vegas has an unexpected visitor-
Hardly unexpected, but most welcome.
It's time we said good-bye to an uninvited guest.
Princess, we have a visitor.
I feel a little like a party crasher.
I like party crashers.
Looks like some more party crashers, sir!
Naturally, I instructed the porter to inform any casual callers that I was out.
I assume you are our mysterious party crasher.
Mr Mystery Guest, are you still there?
I felt like I was intruding.
- I felt like I was intruding.
Maybe people coming to the door? Tradespeople?
Boss, look who decided to crash the party.
I'm beginning to think you were right about our uninvited guests.
What we didn't expect one sleepy night... was an unexpected visitor.
But just before they arrived we had an unexpected visitor.
Lieutenant, we only expected one visitor.
I hate uninvited guests.
My philosophy is: Shoot first and ask questions later. I don't like uninvited guests.
He's out of it.
l've battled those freeloaders all your life and then some.
Forgive me if I forego the kiss, my sleeping behemoth... but the time has come to awake.
To banish unwanted persons, it says you need blessing seeds. All right.
- I hope I'm not barging in.
l suddenly became aware... ..that we weren't even invited.
- Yes ! But Mirror and Sphinx had some unexpected visitors.
- And the squatters?
A midnight patron.
And the intruders.
There are no intruders here.
The intruders.
There are no intruders.
I ain't going to drop dead. Not with the heat.
What are you, city editor or the humour editor?
I am willing to sit here and endure Mr. Drummond's sneering and his disrespect for he is pleading the case of the prosecution by his contempt for all that is holy.
I'm not taking any more of your smartness and sarcasm!
You just got not to be... scared.
I may chance have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me because I have railed so long against marriage.
My Lord of Gloucester I have too long borne your blunt upbraidings and bitter scoffs!
(James) Because that I am little, like an ape I think that you should bear me on your back!
From innocence to experience, innocence cynicism and then back to innocence
Always fucking sarcasm.
- Now remember, you've got to reach down, way past that cynicism.
I'm just like some stupid little puppy, and you just keep kicking my teeth in with your words.
That gearhead with his pocket protector was being sarcastic, - and you know it.
I'm getting really sick of your smart-ass comments.
People were becoming cynical and tired of war.
Look, I'm tired.
I wish I was on the courthouse steps to throw acid in his face, just to distance myself.
Now the Muslims will snub us!
Every time I mention his name, you take a shot at me.
Nope, just my favorite cousin.
You are so cynical.
We 've heard a few snide remarks, like the one about the Commissioner who went out in his shorts.
[PHONE RINGS] Excuse me.
And you're not allowed to be sarcastic or snide to me while I'm doing so.
# When I'm on the other end of someone's mean streak #
- You mean,why isn't she cynical and jaded like you?
You know, sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.
That does suggest that we need God, but it's still pretty cynical.
And look where that cynicism has got you over the years.
We laughed a lot about that, I can tell you.
That is cynicism of the ugliest order, counselor.
- Ever get tired of your own cynicism?
- Nay, but his taunts.
Buttercup, well, she gets a little sensitive.
Years I wished for blistering tongue to cool, only to long for it to scorch ear once more.
Batiatus again spits in my face?
Rude, insulting, poor excuse for a friend!
Well, for you, yes, but no one's ever dared to be the least bit ironic about the situation.
I've spent this week letting you kick my ass from here to the Chrysler Building because you were selling out every 15 minutes to get your hands on something you didn't get.
Well, forgive my cynicism, miss MacMillan, but babysitting a Libyan office clerk who wants a council house on the South coast is hardly a baptism of fire for you.
Also, the boot would land where it would do the most goodfor all concerned.
"l believe all our difficulties may be ended."
"All our difficulties may soon be solved."
One of the members remarks that the ideological work should be put above all other issues.
Everything will work out.
The case practically solved itself.
It's just simple, it's right into parts-- my psychiatrist told me-- and you deal with each part individually.
..good things will happen.
He comes home every weekend. Anyway, it'll be easier once I start playing properly again.
You could deal with anything.
That'll solve all your problems.
Everything's going to be okay. Don't be upset.
And then you will cross all the hurdles... all your problems will vanish...
And then you will cross all the hurdles all your problems will vanish.
And then you will cross all the hurdles... all your problems will vanish' victory will be yours... only yours.
I can't think straight when I'm tired. After a good night's sleep... I always see things better.
Give her up, and your troubles go away.
It took a lot of guts for you to come here. Look at the way you smoothed things over.
He can unite with Busse's 9th Army and inflict a crushing blow on the Russians to save us all.
First one's kind of always the hardest. After that, the rest of them come off pretty easy.
Plan is simple, it just gonna be solved by my enlistment in the military.
That and someone took my bike. Look, I told you.
He says, whatever's going on with you, he's sure you're going to work it out.
Drop a daisy cutter on that number and problem solved.
Don't worry. We'll stop by Kayla's car and get the bags. Everything's gonna be okay.
Relax. Everything's gonna be fine.
- You're gonna go out there... you're gonna get some speed from some dirt ball too wasted to even know the difference... and everything's gonna run smoothly, okay?
Extraordinary events culminate in what might seem to be an anticlimax.
That means everything will be alright if you listen to your heart.
You see, things are working out perfectly after all.
They have the answers to everything.
-Blue skies and sunshine -Blue skies and sunshine
Blue skies and sunshine Guaranteed
Blue skies and sunshine Blue skies and sunshine
Blue skies and sunshine Blue skies and sunshine
Blue skies and sunshine
That's it. That'll solve everything.
In one fell swoop, it takes care of the Amber Madison problem.
The National Child Care Association gives it really high ratings, so that's quite a relief, and, you know, it's just a walk away if we need it.
He ended up thinking that buying a new house was likely to solve every problem.
Every tip investigated... until it paid off or petered out.
I checked it, too. Not a scratch.
And there won't be anyone the wiser.
Whoever the murderer is how's it possible he didn't leave any traces behind?
Perhaps the train is not so cold but the two old hounds like Watson and myself make get a sniff on it.
So far, no one's told me much about anything.
Always looking over my shoulder, wondering if I left some tiny clue behind.
Everyone leaves microbes and whatnot.
Can they trace this back to you?
Just hit the keys, and she won't see a ripple.
I know you're good, but all that paper leaves a trail.
Full disclosure, no stone left unturned.
Putting everything into neat piles... and filing it, on the off chance it'll be needed in a courtroom.
Figure somebody out there had to have seen something important.
There´s so much as a sneeze out there l wanna feel the mist.
Even the most casual thing, it registers.
If it's a possibility, that's good enough for me.
He's communicating in our language leaving clues, forensic clues at that.
Some sign.
I might be able to find some leads with his help.
We don't, unless we open ourselves up... to the signs it's willing to show us.
Unless we find the patterns and cheat it again.
Maybe I was so blinded by it... that I missed all the clues to his past.
No, I don't think so. Maybe if I'd had the patty melt. You had a guy break into her house and photograph her address book.
No, Wrigley, I happened to let a man know... that I was interested in her address book...
Sweep as wide as possible, as fast as possible.
Let's see if Mr. Lancaster has left any loose ends behind.
Listen, the littlest thing could be something right now.
Little things.
Whenever someone lies, they normally have a tell.
Graham's tell, come on.
So we took action, we went to look for traces of Sephiroth.
Remember, Ted, pieces of a puzzle make funny shapes, but they still fit together in the end.
But in the mockingbirds, he had caught a glimpse of evolution.
We found nothing, except Western books and newspapers.
Even as Dr. Green watched them through the window looking for any sign of conspiracy.
You worm your way in like a rodent or a roach and as the crumbs fall off the table, you collect them and we analyze them.
and seriously, tommy says the guy can track somebody from the corn in his shit.
No sign of Robin Hood.
And when he does... he will leave behind the crumbs that will take us right to him.
Make them stop the train.
Oh, well, have it your own way, Mr. Condomine... but I warn you that it's no good locking the stable door after the horse is gone.
He has given me the knowledge to undo what I have done.
With the benefit of hindsight, maybe it wasn't such a hot idea.
Hey, stay, please.
Damage control.
"A stitch in time saves nine."
THAT DEMAND OUR MOST serious CONSlDERATlON
I messed something up. I'm trying to make amends.
Dudley's tying up his loose ends.
It was like robbing Peter to pay Paul but hopefully I'd end up making enough to pay Peter back before he found out.
This is about containing the damage. Understand?
If it's broke, fix it.
- Better late than never.
- Come on, I am trying to correct things, - You can't!
Better late than never?
It's not too late to fix this.
The House and Senate Intelligence Committees meet in closed-door session to discuss ways to prevent this kind of internal security breach that left nearly...
And now it's too late.
That bury me, right?
We are great. All right! Fence mended, problem swept under the rug.
Is there anything that you and I could possibly say that's going to make it any better?
I think we can still salvage this thing.
Boris, it is never too late to fix everything.
- That's not true, late is late.
Slow-motion weekdays stare me down
Okay. Damage control.
If he realizes that I am alive, he will want to fix that mistake.
Better late than never but sooner the better!
It's never too late to do the right thing.
Never better.
Think it over, Velcoro.
Don't tell anybody, will you? People gossip.
l'm already late for the service, and everyone's talking about me.
l don't want that snoop to see us.
Hey, look, if it doesn't bother you, then who am I to say?
You don't work for people to gossip.
Now, I'm not one to gossip... but I think Jack and Diane got so close, so fast... because they discovered how much they both loved... football.
Japan has no right to accuse us of anything
White man, you don't look like someone who gives good advice.
You know, that they'd be judged. I wouldn't judge them.
Don't make yourself sick over my newfound happiness!
KATE:
You've no right to lecture me.
You've no right to lecture me.
You know, there's a lot of talk
Are you worried what the neighbors might think?
It's a time for good friends to get together, have a cup of coffee, and exchange gossip... about the other good friends who couldn't make it that day.
Don't judge me.
And who are you to judge?
Marzotto telling me, ""You are not to do this you are not to do that."" I would eat them.
That's because they got so much dirt on everyone.
Who are you to judge me?
You have borne false witness against your neighbor, you have played fast and loose with his reputation, and you should be heartily ashamed!"
Is that I'm going to pick one and then you're going to complain once they're in and then it'll be too late.
Alright, I hate people gossiping
You know how this works. Liberal judge gets on the bench, doesn't want to rule from his bias, he bends over backwards the other way.
We don't need people secon d-guessing how we do things.
Everything you went through-- all the press, all the people talking about you-- was it hard?
No, what, that it might be nice to have a different past so nobody could hold it against you?
Why are you constantly breaking balls and bitching about everything?
Leave the dead alone.
Why is she telling me anything about my life?
Don't speak of him.
I mean, there's been a couple of rough patches, but just because he's a black president doesn't mean I can't get critical.
The therapist said you're not allowed to judge me.
Stop saying bad things about him.
Well,look,firstoff ,let mesaythattherearealot ofgoodpolice officersout there,andIdon'twant toinanywaydisparage whattheydo ,allright ?
After today, nobody's gonna question me putting you forward.
Instead you come here as his messenger.
I occasionally look the other way, and he doesn't harp on my fetishes.
So that everybody, including the fucking cleaning lady, can gossip about me?
- No, it's the finishing touch to our work.
Wouldn't a well-crafted backdrop have been better?
And what we do is make the best look better.
I mean, that would be a good plus as well.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with new, Mrs. Webber... if it makes something good better.
Oh, yes, yes, Mr Chow ups the bid to 2,7
That was a delightful bonus.
And then, as an added bonus...
So without further gilding the lily and with no more ado I give to you the Seeker of Serenity Protector of Italian Virginity the Enforcer of our Lord God, the one, the only Sir Ulrich von Lichtenstein!
- Like white on rice.
The punch line can be the icing on the cake, but the cake can be really delicious.
Having played host to kings and queens and other powers that be, they were used to gracing the pages of the society columns
From failing, you learn. From success, not so much.
On top of that...
It makes the peasant feel royal.
And I thought that went well until the murder.
Stealing all that money and running off- that was just the icing on the cake.
He'll be happy to have people like you helping his campaign.
And that is stippling.
The icing on the cake!
It just matters that you have each other.
Any other success is just cream on the cake.
I don't know how you could improve on a day like this.
Ah! A little treat!
Now, we've got an extra.
Kinda puts an asterisk, on the whole perfect month thing, huh?
Icing on the cake.
The only thing that could possibly make it better is if you lived next to me.
Screwing Dennis Abbott -- that's just icing on the cake.
- Ah, so-so.
Not bad.
I got a hunch you'd be a passable, pretty gal.
Little kips all along the start line, barring them as is already haywire.
I won $7,000
It's acceptable
- On and off.
I'm fair to lousy.
It's just to make a living.
It's just to make a living.
This Iowa farm boy thing will play for a while... but in the end, it sounds like he's searching for the truth. He's right.
His Shaolin staff isn't that good.
Your kung fu is very average.
Yesterday you disappeared for a day, now you give me some slapdash work.
I'm doing well.
Thanks.
I don't want to do a sloppy job.
It takes a lot to come to Hong Kong. I'm not going to waste my life like them.
I gave you my life, my love, I gave you everything.
So so.
We have fish and meat here, I've tried my very best.
It's okay, I can't catch up to some of the beats.
really OK, or just OK?
- Can't complain. You ?
Nothing.
How was it? - So-so.
What the hell are you doing! Why do you always flake out!
So-so.
It was okay.
Barely.
So so.
Yeah. Whatever.
Not so good.
So so.
- Fine. So-so, I guess.
I can't complain. How are things over at GRB?
He looks okay
Well... yes...
Hmm... so-so.
So-so.
Scared, miserable, dreading to go to work.
The officer who arrested you. The one you spilled your guts to.
Appalled at the loss of human life, the President of the United States... joined by the French president and the British prime minister... suspended all foreign aid to Russia.
He's scared to death.
I got my head in my hands. Life has ended.
Oh, ho, ho! This is funky! Hey, oh!
l stitch up a little shit like you in a heartbeat!
It's just appalling.
She must make a terrifying descent.
The captain's cries of pain at the loss of his son are more frightening to the enemy than the deepest battle drums.
- We're all scared here.
And they're scared of you and me.
If Canning's in bed with JNL, they'll be terrified.
Faces that would've frightened the Ripper.
There are many fearful men hiding from my wrath tonight.
Could you maybe not do that turny thing? How you doing back there?
In the shadow of Germany's eifel mountains lies a monstrous race track, 22 kilometers around.
Other than hiding all the sharp objects around here and white-knuckling it till morning.
He would rant and rave if I didn't give him what he wanted.
"We'd shake the immigrants up."
And a pissed off Catherine is a world of hurt no one wants to live in.
An impersonation, see? A cinch to work.
I'd just as soon kill you as kill him
It would be the easiest course for me to transfer you out, to saddle some unsuspecting guy with a deadbeat.
You were easy to find in Hiroshima.
Listen, I could do it easily right now.
It'll be easy to lick him.
It's nothing. I can take care of them.
It's a doddle
We thought a little push would do it, but they've held out for 20 days.
I could march to Kyoto, relaxed and at ease.
It's easy to control you
Nice and easy.
It's so easy, I know how to steal car before I know how to drive it
Because, this is too easy to me to be the Kung-fu scholar!
Because being the scholar is too simple to me
Easily.
Stopping power is a matter of convenience.
- It's a breeze. No problem.
Gravy!
Like riding a bike: You don't forget.
Candy from a baby.
It'll be a piece of cake for us to conquer China
It seem to be a piece of cake
- Piece of cake, Uncle Lio.
I could have killed you like that.
You told me the job was gonna a cake walk, but one of my man's been killed.
It would be easy for all the scientist and scholars to create the end of the world.
- I could've busted you right there.
Easy as pie.
Easily.
Easily.
Well, with an army behind you, you could be extremely political. I warned you.
- Hey, man, that was as easy as pie.
Well, I can kill somebody. It's easy.
- And it just so happens... I have an acquaintance named Dale who is a specialist in this area.
Well, it's like removing a bunion or something.
Okay, perfect.
Once we have the girl, he's as good as ours.
They're making this too easy.
I know my bank branch... like the back of my puffy little hand.
Rick, l think you know where those letters are.
A little frankness, Mr. Leyden, please.
I want to talk to you straight.
So to come to the point, what is all this I hear about you and Miss Page?
Jerry, let's be clear, you want money more than me.
Let's have it with the bark on.
I'm not making any fuss. Just set him straight, that's all.
I'll just lay it on the barrelhead, then. How'd you like to work for me?
Wouldn't it have been simpler if you'd told me last night at the opera that this man Ussoni was your lover and you wanted me to do what I could to keep him here in Venice?
Just give it to me in plain English.
Andrei Ilyitch, this will be a serious conversation.
I want you to take a job on for me.
Begin with the main thing.
Right with the main thing? Well... begin... in some way.
Now wait a minute.
Then let me get straight to the point.
Gentlemen, shall we come to the point?
This is not going to be pleasant, so we'll get right to the point.
Just tell me what you want.
Here it is, straight up.
I want to be honest with you.
Now, I'll get right to the point.
Negative. We got him from the Miami Seaquarium.
Let me get to the point.
Then I'll get to the point.
I'll just come right to the point.
Sergeant, we'll get right to it.
Well, here it is, Dude. Where's Bunny?
I want in.
- Honey, you sounded like John Wayne in a bathhouse.
Porterhouse... ...letme cuttothechase .
Let's start with the less important.
- I'll come right to the point.
And some of the people that you meet on the road are really amazing people.
But you left, negating the contract, forfeiting the deposit.
No time for small talk.
A Russian Hollywood.
Without further ado, let us convene the year-end conference.
Well, I might as well get to the point.
So now I say to you, plain as I can... if you are fighting, stop fighting.
Nice going, Mr. Norton. You sure carried that ball.
He's true artist and he knows what he wants.
As your husband said; I know what I want.
You seem very certain.
l am very certain because, you see, people like to talk... and in talking they tell the truth.
If I only knew why they are so self-assured.
Winged battle flies through the night and finds me ready.
It'll be terrific to go home with confidence.
Right in the pickle barrel, huh, Dennis?
Whatever happens, you have to look like it's exactly what you knew would happen. - If you pass me documents--
I said, "Here's a guy that's got his act together.
Got it all figured out, don't you?
Well, you seem to have it pretty figured out.
I thought if I packed real light, it'd look like I knew what I was doing.
This is a foolproof plan, my friend.
What happened to that foolproof plan of yours ?
Except, of course, if you are expecting the unexpected... then...well, then, it really isn't unexpected anymore, is it?
Thank you, Mrs. Wilson. Ten steps ahead as usual.
As usual.
You got a plan?
A man with a plan.
Well, you know I am the sorta fella who always has something up his sleeves.
I've had my fill of Chiaki.
I'm coming out of this with a criminal case I'll win, and you're coming out with a loss.
Well you seem like you know what you're doing, then.
Does that sound like someone who has a plan?
You know, sometimes the fog dissipates, the rain disappears, and everything makes sense.
Not me, of course. I know you're always the man with the plan.
Far as an eagle will soar
You're a shoo-in.
Will doesn't have a rundown, it's the EP's first show, and she's got the whole thing in her head.
That man knows what he's doing, don't you think?
That's one of the most important elements of entering a match is feeling the confidence, knowing that you're going to win.
It was well-thought out, and execution was perfect.
He may seem lost sometimes, but he's always got a plan.
Somebody else is watching it too, but I haven't managed to find out who it is.
At least l feel that something's stirring.
Because, you know, l definitely have lift-off. What about you?
...anybodyelsethere?
Would-be presidents are all around.
Catch.
Kinda makes you feel warm and tingly all over, don't it?
Not very. Paris is crawling with traitors:
Once you go worm, that's what you'll yearn.
Subterranean life that may have been dormant for years begins to stir
A sleepless malice.
¤ You'll dance along with 'em ¤
Children, come inside this instant, all of you!
I am having a hard on
Well, it's still tonight, and since my third leg keeps hitting'me in the face...
And when that desire is suppressed for style... and deprivation allowed to rule... dieting, exercising American women...
But right now, I don't have the time, because right now you morose motherfuckers are gonna get off your ass and get ready to roll.
Dan the Weatherman says a fog bank is rolling in offshore.
I'm feeling a little frisky tonight. How about a double dare to start?
Big engine just... begging to drink some gas.
It's spring and new life stirs.
The evil that is lurking within our soul.
Are your nostrils aquiver and tingling as well at that delicate, luscious ambrosial smell?
It tells of the great expedition... that was driven hundreds of miles, of it's course... until, it landed on an island to the south.
Now, without allies... how long do you think you'll last?
Everybody's got this desire to go in there and take advantage of others' misfortunes.
Where it starts or what you call it,
A creature who had long treasured it deep under the mountains and been consumed by its evil.
You fight like something's tryin' to get out of you.
But here in Canada, beneath the thawing snow, something stirs.
There's unrest out there, even revolution.
It's just gonna be a bunch of rich d-bags and hot Russian broads walking around, looking to get some action.
I went to an ATM around the corner just now...
He acts up. He steps out.
"Tonight. Tonight. Something's going to happen."
"It will spread far and wide."
The pink-slippered, all-containered, semi-precious eagerness of it.
Removed from the ears of men, my lips willingly part...
And, and you gotta shoot back."
The water courses through an icy delta like blood along the arteries of a cold-blooded monster, a monster that is stirring.
Hold on to your hats, boys.
Yes, I'd be grateful.
You have our... undivided attention, Sister.
All right, I'm listening.
- I'm listening, Comrade Victim.
My ears will be with you.
I'd like to hear it.
Express your thought, you mean.
Now, I'm listening.
- I'm listening.
We're listening.
-l'm listening.
Please, you know what it is about.
Start way up at the top.
I've nothing else better to do, if you talk I'll listen
- I'm wide open.
If something happens to her... l'm all ears.
I am all attention.
- Till then I'm all yours, as they say.
Bye. - Thanks. Bye.
I am an open book.
You wanna go somewhere, be somebody, you better wake up and pay attention.
If you wanna be somebody, if you wanna go somewhere, you better wake up and pay attention.
Wait a minute!
I'm gonna remind you - if you wanna go somewhere, be somebody, you better wake up and pay attention.
I'm breathless with anticipation.
Any time.
Well, go ahead, I'm waiting. - For what?
Hello!
One second they weren't listening to a word I said but when I mentioned him they listened.
Yes of course, you deserve it.
Fine. Talk away, lady of my dreams. I'm all ears.
I'm all ears.
All right. You have my attention, Rose.
I'm all ears.
- Thanks.
What is Paris interested in? l'm all ears.
Let's hear your squeaky little voice
I am perfectly wrought. Given the circumstances, I'm even a bit underwrought.
I'm listening.
Bright lights and sequins are prettier than anything here.
So exciting, the audience will stomp and cheer
Drink it in, drink it up, till you've drowned in the light... in the sound...
¤ Ain't nothin' much out there ¤
With his name in bright lights.
Did I get caught up in the razzle-dazzle?
Oh, look.
It is a prosperous yet complicated place, with people coming from all walks of life.
You made me forget every shred of decency and dignity.
Hi there. Are you ready to go?
Then I'll pick you up. That's not a good idea?
I have forgot that name and that name's woe.
...toassumethe worst and blow it to kingdom come!
But when she laid eyes on the dashing Toninho, all of her dreams took flight.
Bid your woes sayonara
Any one of these... is bound to make you feel better about what's bothering you.
Through the magic of diesel fuel and ammonium nitrate I'm ready right now to blow you all sky-high.
# Take my thin skin and move it somewhere else #
That's all. I've already forgotten about it.
And while we're doing it, all the bullshit does fade away, and it's just me and her, right there, and yeah, I do lose myself in her, and I can tell she is losing herself in me,
But in your case, it hit another continent.
So I said to myself, "Mm-hmm, I'm gonna do another and I'm gonna blow them outta this room."
I slug you, so I slug you, cut the hassle.
You hip?
And after a while, it gave her his heart.
...withtheprisonermyself this morning.
Once there were no two hearts so open, no feelings so in harmony,
- What?
I can be open with her ...
That was not something Grandpa would ever talk about with me.
He raised me up and blessed me with his trust.
You done letting us in on your thought process?
I saw you and Storm laughing and chatting together.
Burke's up there, too laughing it up with the President while we're stuck down here.
A person can't be funny everyday.
You seemed very cheerful and funny.
Before, in this house, ...
By tomorrow you'll be chuckling about this in your kiss-ass country club.
laughing, drinking champagne.
I love to hear them all talking together about what they did when they were little.
FRIENDS LAUGHED OVER EGGNOG, LOVERS KISSED UNDER MISTLETOE
-Such manners, such conversation.
Flirting up a storm with that cheerleader nimrod Monica Von.
- I'm glad you still have your sense of humor.
I can testify that at the time... except for a very few politically suspect cadres there was virtually no corruption at all.
Not one in a hundred men has "gentleman"... so plainly written across him as Mr. Knightley.
It's full of writers, but the good ones are few.
I'm a ghost breaker. I take family skeletons out of the closet and dust them off.
Understand, I don't mean to say that our merger has hit a snag, or failed to gel, or gone up in smoke, or fallen through.
Thousands of years of building, rebuilding, creating and re-creating so you can let it crumble to dust!
Now we put them in the Easter fire and we burn the past.
Did you ever see a dancer that smoked?
Elvira, great news.
% Fire all of your guns at once and explode into space %
They vanish.
They evaporate away at an increasing rate... until they vanish in a gigantic explosion.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
The old ball park, standing for nearly half a century, comes to the end of the trail.
How the whole city was wiped out? I can explain.
That I desired I could burn With the splendour
And then I think, " Man, I'm broke, I gotta get gas tomorrow... and dude's talking about making a feature film, shit."
You see here before you a fortune turned to ashes.
The bodies were totally incinerated... with no trace of Joe Blake and Terry Collins.
The Lycan horde scattered to the wind in a single evening of flame and retribution.
It's finished. It's gone, dead.
But if the hunters lost, they made sure nothing survived.
To rid the cosmos of fools like you.
Mighty Kukulkan, whose fury could scorch this earth to oblivion,
You know, things like that just kind of blow my mind.
A spirit of vengeance fighting fire with fire.
It can spit out a firestorm and level this city in the blink of an eye.
Everything was destroyed.
A long-lost hope can be rekindled.
But you're gonna let your own marriage just burn to the ground.
The proof went up in smoke with Raccoon City.
"mark my words, this whole thing is gonna go up in flames!"
I want to see only ashes remaining!
But it's ashes now.
If they can't stop it before it hits, there will be nothing left but dust.
Like nothing else. Get ready to be blown away
And when that happens, anything that gets in my lady's way becomes instant red sauce and chowder.
To ash and cinder,
And I'll be blown to pieces, along with all the idiots sitting in front of me.
until it was not even ash.
Okay. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
But they sought their answer in the light of will to form from it a weapon unequaled to turn armies to sand.
What Ashoka's doing is taking the ideas of the Buddhists, the Eightfold Path, truthfulness, compassion, right conduct and the teachings of the Jains on non-violence, and making them not only the core of personal morality but of politics.
I think I'll kill myself.
The magic of Aladdin couldn't do as much
They were really after him. A drunk across the hall found him.
In fact, you are much more luckier than me.
I couldn't have done it better.
I spent 1 8 months on this case and I know more about the plaintiffs than you ever will.
Where was I gonna get that kind of money from?
When the ancestors look up the career ladder, all they're gonna see is my behind.
After all, RE/MAX agents average more experience and more sales than other agents.
I always manage to frustrate you.
And I'd already achieved more than most of you could ever hope to,despite my 9:00 bedtime.
And to say that such a large scale work of art couldn't be created merely... for the posibility of having created it, rather than the NAZCA lines are so inhumanly vast,
That was gonna dwarf the arms race.
"A country that other countries could only dream of."
That would impress even yours truly.
You've chosen to tangle with a superior intellect you can't defeat.
How can ordinary people like me achieve such levels of skill?
They say you're free, but you must learn to choose.
20 years ago, it was just a pipe dream.
So he may make me ascend to Heaven.
YOU KNOW, LIKE, RAMBLED A LITTLE BIT.
This is dry cleaning. This is not some fly-by-night thing here.
I feel unable to nurture the artistic temperament or virtuosity of Mr. Klemmer.
Open up your mind, let your fantasies unwind, in this darkness that you know you cannot fight the darkness of the music of the night.
You know him, so unpredictable.
What's there to gain? Why are you looking for gain? - What else should l look for?
This is off the chain.
Too absurd to take seriously.
I intend to excite it a great deal more.
A conspiracy like that... sorry, but it sounds very unlikely.
not just a few pictures that everybody can interprete, as being this... or that.
This man spun these fairy tales in my office.
Once upon a time, people thought that black-hole physics was too fantastic to be true.
That I'm missing some chances to let my imagination kind of go crazy, and not be so damn logical.
Fantastic penmanship, too.
It happens. Many of the boys there are new pope.
I suppose everybody looks the same once the maggots get to 'em.
Mm. No one ever strays very far when it comes to false names.
Dude, your references are out of control.
This is so far-fetched.
It should be unpredictable and irrational... and complicated.
You've always been so practical, tethering me to reality when I spin away.
You think anybody will believe what you and I know?
I can feel it coming.
If it's constant torment for me, a painful, shameful occupation, sort of squeezing out a hemorrhoids.
One can sense a...final movement.
I feel like I swallowed a cruise missile.
It's so real, it could tear through the paper and fly off.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
"Something that just says 'nasty'."
To be part of something, apart from this marriage.
tight little curves, breasts popping.
I've got 50 years of missed Halloweens all smushed up tight inside me, just bursting to get out!
The inquiry into her death resulted in a name: Hasaan waleed.
Hermoso. It's easy!
The actor is like a piece of sculpture or something, only it's moving and it comes out, and, like, it's a combination of theater and film and music and everything.
Look, the train's about ready to come.
She's gonna be ready to come home with you real soon.
Well, now that sex is off the table we have to speak to one another, and I think he's getting suspicious.
Nevertheless, I must admit that your clever setup did save me a lot of trouble.
I'll tell you what I think, to get the ball rolling.
And then picked it on up.
Get her on the local news. Shake the tree a little bit.
We've invented nothing, and we don't intend to.
You'll be facing the best psychiatrists in the state. They'll know when you're shamming.
He's lived a married life for ten years, and he's never strayed.
Maybe he threw in one Polack joke too many.
- That actually works ? - Well, duh ! Of course.
You say one thing, and they're off and running.
This occurred just as Gabrielle Solis was conferring with her new divorce lawyer, and describing in vivid detail her husband's affair with their maid, who also happened to be their surrogate.
Write it all down, just the truth, no rhymes. No embellishments, no adjectives.
Don't sugarcoat your stories, boys.
I don't think it's gonna be like that, Frankie. I'm just gonna be writing the basis of the story and she'll fill in the flavor.
Then you told their speeches to Kosuke Mizutani.
Don't spread vicious lies.
- Yeah, made-up words obviously.
Or, better still, stop inflicting your opinions on the world!
The atmosphere in the company is already uneasy, why are you adding to the tension?
Nah, nah, nah, don't build it up, luv. it weren't all that.
Don't try to play it up, that won't either.
And try not to exaggerate.
And Santa's expression does not help.
Look, we were just trying to give things a bit of a boost, you know?
Now who's embellishing?
I could embellish it.
Any attempt to breathe life into Isaiah's prophecy must be quashed before it ignites public imagination against us!
And we'll just stay low until they box themselves in.
What am I supposed to do?
He knows we're coming. He'll be waiting watching.
I am waiting like a tiger in the trees... now ready to leap out and cut her spirit loose.
You can't do that.
Kruger has to show up at Cyrez.
Right. We hit 'em as soon as they come back.
I knew i'd get him sooner or later. It was just a matter of time, really.
In this big game that we play, life... it's not what you hope for or deserve... it's what you take.
Into a trap.
Besides, if it was all in the timing... nothing would ever happen, because everyone would be sitting around...
Well, why don't we stick around and see who should up for coffee?
And when your friends got there, a bunch of my people'd be waiting for them.
And when your friends got there, a bunch of my people'd be waiting for them.
that we're gonna be waiting for 'em.
Being able to fight the enemy everywhere.
His men are there now waiting for you and your daughter to come home.
The Romulans are waiting for us, I promise you that.
We wait here. Prepare for battle.
Now is not the time to just wait by the hole.
As I don't know where the lunatic will strike, it seems the practical thing to do is to stay as near as possible to the potential victims.
Look, I'm not going to wait around for some version of this that might never happen, okay?
They tried to get your partner in his own home.
All I had to do was wait.
Think Gandhi, not Sitting Bull. Boom!
They knew our plan. They were waiting for us.
Not just wait for it to solve itself.
We'll be waiting.
Put Iosef in the Red Circle and wait.
As a matter of fact, it's quite likely.
This toppling was going to happen.
It was always decided one day I would enter politics.
If everything is so inevitable, then why has she been trying to keep us apart all these years?
The future isn't written in stone.
You're dreaming We won't catch it.
Once we give these orders, there's no going back.
It's happening, whether you like it or not.
Going home, seriously. No doubt about it.
The decree nisi means we're safe.
It's not, because everybody called you that in high school, so pop it on because it's definitely a rule and they're not gonna let you inside without it.
It's all here, conclusive proof.
It was like, a FACT.
Does seem pretty cut and dried, sir.
It's a solid case.
Good days and bad.
Laurel, in 24 hours, Peter Declan is lying down with a needle in his arm, and he's not getting up.
These guys are ready to pay. Just keep it down to business and it's a done deal.
A few laps ago, James Hunt was looking like champion elect.
My marriage with Meena was already fixed.
These are real, tangible results.
Your endorsement contract is ironclad.
It's been cleared.
Because college- and knowing you, a great college- is right around the corner, am I right?
- No. All the proof of his guilt is upstairs.
The next Olympics could be in Tokyo.
I thought the bridge was definite.
- Nothing is definite.
It has to be ironclad. No wiggle room from the FBI.
That ship has sailed but from here on out.
It's not a done deal yet.
It has to be ironclad.
It's a slam dunk.
It's not a done deal yet.
It's not a done deal yet.
Sylvester, how are my numbers?
Well, that's ironclad.
I'm afraid I appropriated your copy.
They're nothing but common sneak thieves.
But if any of you were thinking of taking it...
ln Beverly Hills we just take the closest one.
- Picked his pocket, actually. - So l don't think it's a very good--
I was cited for shoplifting once, but it was a mistake.
How does a third-rate, pencil-pushing, apple-stealing, dick-head like you... afford a four-bedroom colonial in Nassau motherfucking County?
- You had to steal something to be a member. - How about you with the basketball?
Hot... shoplifted, stolen.
So you got caught shoplifting.
That night in the bar, I thought I was getting something for nothing.
Even if you lie in your films, we don't lie in advertising.
That's what happens when you shoplift, there's consequences.
Back where I come from, you join the fire department to steal shit from people's bedrooms.
i think i got one of those at the end of my thai massage last week.
Honey, it's not shoplifting.
If I couldn't steal here, what the fuck would I want to work here for, man?
Be careful, someone will steal it.
Distraction while I nicked everything in the vault next door.
Funny way to make friends, someone stealing your wallet like that.
Like Tae-soon?
Life is easy pickings if you grab your chance
Your burgle-bobbles bore me.
Of course I would pick any good stuff by any chance.
Oh, trespass, theft, pilfering, littering, pillorying, walking about, playing.
You double-dealing, pilfering parasites!
My father sold drugs my mother was a shoplifter.
Like, maybe take the red stripe off the van.
Someone must have snagged mine off my desk when I was gone.
I get a feeling this is a lifetime gig.
And it looks like he's gambling every chip he's ever skimmed. Player bet wins.
So you just helped yourself to a handful, is that it?
So, Zach took the gavel home, you stole it, and now you're selling it?
Why steal millions from criminals when you can date the thief and take it off him?
A weapon of convenience.
Those stores take great close-ups when you go in to prevent shoplifters.
I didn't buy it.
His experience, whatever it was... which we hope here to discover, has left him... in a state of absolute catatonic immobility.
Stop staring at me like a stuck pig. I'm serious.
Dora, why are you just standing there? Come on, let's go!
What is wrong with Brazil's goal keeper?
And your life doesn't flash before you because you're too scared to think.
women, children, men, everybody gazed at her dumbstruck.
¤ Like a man in a trance ¤
¤ Like a man in a trance ¤
¤ Like a man in a trance ¤
You're too stiff.
The place is full of dead-eyed douche bags the hours suck and nobody knows what's going on, so....
- Oh, man. - You were paralyzed.
Frozen.
"McAvoy was wearing a $4,000 custom-made tuxedo and a dumb look on his face."
You're sound in body and mind".
Man, I'm living!
Well, I'm sure you'll be in great shape in no time.
You have a lot of energy for a dead man, Mr Bond.
And then I'll be as right as dodgers for this after.
Field work makes a man strong and vigorous!
Before, before leaving for Africa, when he was still young.
A remarkable comeback by Jarrett. The first team that scores wins.
He was dying before.
According to their report, far from being dead, Shingen is in the best of health.
I suppose it will.
so, with good life and observation strange, my meaner ministers Their several kinds have done.
Why don't you give him a few minutes to freshen up first?
Because in 10 minutes l"m going to be fine.
The son is dead. But the father is an old lion and he still dreams of conquest.
Miss, if you let us smoke, you'll see... a radical change.
Come spring, we'll be on the move again. Keep you spirits up, Doctor.
Lots of energy.
And then when we do have sex, I got to tell you, he's not quite as energetic as he used to be.
She's coming back to life.
And yet here you sit... big as life.
Oh, boy. Hey, we're really living now, huh?
Back when Boss Chobei was healthy, this was such a flourishing inn town.
And you need my bone marrow.
- Oh, no, his are very much alive.
One guy with terminal cancer strolls out of hospice.
♫ Show me how you move it
He went all night on two aspirin.
Live and limber.
A good night's sleep would do me wonders.
But I don't care if you find Oscar Faso alive and well in a bar in Venice!
Because he'd be alive and well today if he hadn't chosen to go to war.
Healthy as a horse.
Chancellor, I'm happy to see you alive and well.
You were so actively walking around just then
George Massey owns several local establishments, but he's better known for his less reputable enterprises, including loan sharking, money laundering, extortion.
Mmm, okay.
Much alive .
Mine too but she's fine!
He was elated, carefree, alive.
It goes on and on and on. Milton is into everything.
Betrayal, murder, genocide, call me provincial.
You're a hell of a case!
Badass surfer- - It's a long sheet, including time for assault on a woman a few years back.
No murders, but criminal records a mile long.
"That is completely rubbish."
Marcos Mendez is the most sick and twisted fuckity-fox I've ever had to keep tabs on.
Jacket's the size of the Bible.
- After what the fog is costing me this is a mere drop in the ocean.
You see, l was only taking one painting and you've got so many.
A new TV and fridge is a drop in the bucket with this
That money's nothing to them but for us it's a matter of life and death
One sheep less, Mr Day, 'tis of no consequence to me.
That's nothing to someone worth $150 million.
To a developer like Phil.
You've been shedding advertisers like a dog sheds fleas.
We already owe Lord Tywin three million gold. What's another 80,000?
But the account we're talking about is hardly everything.
Which is nothing compared to what you cost Docheski.
We take this money, we can start over.
Financially, you are a dust mite to him.
It's 50 mill. It's a drop in the bucket.
The advance would be a drop in the bucket.
It's one brick in a wall, Liz. Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
We haven't even scratched the surface of the benefits.
A selfish dancer.
This isn't just thinking somewhere.
But it's all done, you might say, behind closed doors, because nobody really wants to draw attention to it.
I mean, you would be surprised on what goes on behind closed doors.
Who a person is behind closed doors is who they really are.
I guess the bigger question is, are you ready to see your best friends behind closed doors?
But they don't know what goes on behind closed doors.
Behind closed doors, there's no such thing as Republican or Democrat... or Christian or Muslim or Jew, or any of it.
Behind closed doors, there's rich people and the rest of us.
This man Noah was born long before the Lord Jesus, but men in those days lived to be very old so no one can be sure, no one at all, that Noah did not visit Jesus in that stable
l've been spending my time in bed with an old lady with blue hair and a case of syphilis.
Bollocks.
Even limp little Brian had a go.
How did I even end up here with the grandfather of my son's friend?
Yes, but she's gotten so old I didn't recognize her.
"While l am lying here l think perhaps l die.
Furthermore this disorganized behavior in presence of dying king.
Arriving at the deathbed of my father bleary-eyed, stinking of alcohol.
You're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but I have all my life before me.
When a man is just born, he is weak and flexible, when he dies, he is hard and insensitive.
Pretend we're starting out in life... instead of ending up.
You were cutting corners convincing him to sign a Power of Appointment.
You're better off dead.
-Exactly, for a dancer 25 is like one step away from the glue factory.
It was going to be gone.
Well, that pretty well sums up why journalism is dead.
American culture is dying, and there's an unrelenting appetite in this country for reality shows, talentless pop stars like Riley Banks, recycled, bloated movie franchises.
When my mother died, just a few hours before the end, she looked into my eyes and she had the expression of a little girl who didn't know what was happening to her.
Well, that's what happens when you're living with an expiration date.
He's dying-
Not now, not a year from now, not even when you're on your deathbed telling your grandkids, or they pay the price.
Nothing makes the past a sweeter place to visit than the prospect of imminent death.
Mice like you and Shorty.
Don't waste your breath explaining. They can't see beyond their own noses.
It is the dream of many respectable people!
Like the saying, "A rat can't see past her nose." Consider that a freebie.
You can't think but five minutes in front of you.
AT THE VERY LEAST, IT'S DEFINITELY WORTH CHECKING OUT.
They are building up a compound interest and seeing the day that not too distant future
You are the most small-minded nitwit I have ever encountered.
No, Marie's right. It was a bit short-sighted of me.
No ambition. No vision. No master plan.
Do you only look after yourself?
And your own myopic single-mindedness.
It is your stupidity and lack of foresight that brought you to this moment.
Well, that's shortsighted.
Well, now you're being shortsighted.
You're not stupid, Frank, so don't be so damn shortsighted.
You may have travelled the world but you're still narrow-minded.
l kept circling the spot to make sure l wouldn't lose sight of it. Suddenly l could see the form rise slightly, as iftreading the waters.
Dragonfly.
It's called the Dragon Fly plot.
He gave you all the wrong suggestions?
All these dragon fly stuff.
He mixed it all up.
Not quite.
What's that.. a consolation prize'?
Just a peck, a smooch, like you'd kiss your sister.
A silky tail press. Nice one, Matthews!
[Together] Frogger.
Well, I've had a narrow escape.
But I've been just quick enough to stay out of this graveyard.
"By the skin of the teeth," as the saying you've often quoted goes.
Tai-po, I guess this is serious.
I still owe you for saving my ass that time in Fort Dix.
- You'll never stop Rocco. - Your chances are one in a million.
You know the answer to that, Bethany.
We had just... escaped death I mean it was truly touch and go.
-Sam used up 8 of his 9 lives on this.
They're kinda like cats.
And the Corpsman looks up at him and he knows what this means, to be shot in the neck.
But those who waged war on the bandits, none has survived.
Do you worry when we fought for our lives?
It's too dangerous to stay here, you'll die
You get a hand job from her, you need the Jaws of Life to get you out of it.
It'll take a miracle to fool him at this point.
We've faced some long odds before, Skipper.
Fiery, we may not survive the vengeance
I mean, field marshal, you got quite a motley army.
The assassins can easily blend into the crowd of coolies, merchants, foreigners and civilians
Okay, it's after 9, so this bar that Girl George is at probably wall-to-wall dirtbags by now.
Chichi This place is not safe, we'd better leave
In this jungle, prey and predators mingle constantly and there is always a crustacean ready to consume the preceding predators.
Is not the goal of modern society to foster equality?
There are levels in this business.
Congress must never declare equal those whom God created unequal!
There's a jobs crisis. We can't afford to play favorites.
You can't tell the ranks of deities
He's bound to go see his old girlfriend
He likes to find some innocent kid, and then he preys upon them.
Because he couldn't keep his hands off women. Do you have proof?
-No women.
-No women.
MARTHA: No women. CLEAVES:
Wish you were along for the ride?
You're pitiful and confused, looking to get some hot pepper wherever you can.
If I survive, no more chasing girls.
I'm in shag therapy.
- No. Everybody cheats. You know what?
- Give me a man who is man enough to give himself just to the woman who is worth him.
Give me a man who is man enough to give himself just to the woman who is worth him.
I don't know. "Have fun. Be nice to the strippers. "
Someone told me that your nobles, like Brandon, are assisting you in having your affairs.
Although, personally, I think if a man beats you and fucks half the women he sees, and no one will help you, axing him isn't the least understandable thing you could do.
Well, it's not like you never mess around on Emma!
Well, it's not like you never mess around on Emma!
I don't feel well.
Thirty years ago, he was fucking around so much,
Still fooling around...
Because he's kind of a whore.
I said why did you bring her to cause this, you fool!
Be as noisy as a county fair.
You leave them sitting in the halfpenny place.
So, Angelina, how are you?
Warden, I want my own cell.
You've torn this town to shreds with that little escapade ofyours. You and your Eleanor.
Harrigan, light it up!
Your words... are more convincing than my fists l'm impressed
Well, all your technology stuff, it just ends in disaster.
Every time you step outside, disaster follows.
It caused a shit storm.
I didn't want to split the family when Sybil might still wake up.
Hello, Madame, I hope you're not feeling too scrambled today.
I had been watching from across the street trying to get a read on it, until you came along and I had to blow the whole place up.
You can't keep jumping every time you think you hear him calling; it'll drive you crazy.
Seward's turning this whole place into a three-ring circle jerk.
Means going to a Justice of the Peace to get hitched. No fuss, no bother.
24 hours before the Feds call it a kidnapping and come in to fuck.. Everything up..
How do? You seem like a cool summer.
